thank you to a group were known for
sponsoring this video at CES 2018 you
can check out there symbiosis concept
car in the description down below we're
talking with the Jenna vation KB 170 l
and one other keyboard play you have to
wait for that this one as you can see
immediately has 66 macro keys at the top
of the keyboard each one of those keys
can take 220 character inputs you do
that by switching a switch just right
here on the back of the keyboard from
program mode to keyboard mode and you
can type all that kind of stuff in to
program those individual keys there's
only one profile for these keys but you
easily switch to another mode by holding
shift just like you would for any other
key on the keyboard to switch to
essentially another set of 66 more macro
keys all of the keys at the top have
these clear top covers on them so you
can print out little cards for each one
of them insert it under the top cover
and then be able to reference what
that's actually for in the future which
is really helpful because well they're
programmable keys so they're what you
set them to not what they're
pre-programmed for so they can't come
with labels on them they are single-shot
abs key caps naturally due to the cap on
top of them and these standard qwerty
keys are double shot key caps and I want
to show you guys something right here
this whole keyboard if I try to grab it
pretty firmly on each side and try to
twist it it essentially doesn't twist at
all and I'm giving it quite a bit of
force I have seen drastically more
keyboard twists intend keyless keyboards
that don't have three rows of macro keys
above it then this one does it's it's
build quite well there's a metal plate
throughout the entire thing so ways to
point to kilograms are four point eight
five pounds that's a lot for a keyboard
good for bashing zombies with or just
staying where it's supposed to be on
your desk they did however take some
precautions and making it as compact as
they could you can see compared to a
standard keyboard there isn't this
divide between the F keys and the normal
core D keys they shrank that down
whether that's a positive or negative
I'm not entirely sure personally I think
my muscle memory would make it so that
when I go to press escape I would end up
pressing this macro key in the corner
but you know making the macro keys at
the very top actually more pressable
it's probably benefit for that so
depends on you in terms of usability the
switches are
IMX blacks there's a USB pass-through
port on the back of the keyboard and
when you're in program mode there is a
little light just next to numb log caps
lock and scroll lock so that you know
that you're in program mode and not
typing though this keyboard was just
announced at the show and will probably
be available through Amazon but just in
case you can get it at DSi - keyboards
comm the backlit version will cost three
hundred and forty dollars and the non
backlit version will cost two eighty to
ninety around there next up we have the
lens in GK 358 which as you can see it's
quite water resistant it's an IP 68
rated keyboard meaning that it can be
submerged in up to 1.5 meters of water
for 30 minutes but they don't know the
maximum depth that it can be submerged
for because it's made for like spills
and stuff not actually gaming underwater
they did say however that it can be
underwater to some degree for a boat up
to a week which is pretty cool it's also
only thirty bucks and features double
shot injected key caps and back letting
the backlighting is for different colors
across the board not RGB LEDs but there
is different lighting modes as well so
if you hold the function key and press
scroll lock it will change what lighting
mode it's in we have experienced a
couple glitches while sitting here but
it seems to be only if you like get
water on it and then lift it up
vertically so the water goes up into the
key caps that there is any problem so if
you spill stuff on your keyboard maybe
don't like pour the water into the top
of the key caps and you'll probably be
fine it does also feature an actually
pretty nice colored metal top but there
is a little bit of flex actually a fair
amount of flex it is a thirty dollar
keyboard so I maybe wouldn't worry about
that too much this is the price range
that you're shopping for
it features an optical switch I have not
personally seen before manufactured by a
Taiwanese company called ever light
other notable features is that there's
RGB lighting along the sides of the
keyboards which is pretty cool it's only
two milliseconds of delay and this metal
plate comes in either black or blue it
will be available on Alibaba or BB r86
comm so cool there's a keyboard that you
can use literally underwater I'm typing
right now and I can see it on the screen
over there pretty sweet if you're more
interested in things outside of the
water whoever I'm gonna bring back our
sponsor group run Ofra sponsoring this
video
lioness went to go check out their
symbiote scar in France not that long
ago and he was able to experience level
4 automation that means he was able to
sit in the driver's seat and not drive
he just used his laptop while he was
sitting there and it drove him down real
roads in France with other cars on it
really cool there's also tons of other
cool tech inside of the car so be sure
to check that out up here or possibly
down in the link below see you guys next
time like this video if you liked it
dislike it if you dislike it get
subscribe all that fun stuff and I
already said I'll see you next time so I
guess I don't really have anything else
to say bye